README.md, before:

# mssql-on-rhel

This repo contains playbooks for automating the provisioning of a RHEL virtual machine running Microsoft SQL server in a vSphere cluster.
The process is utilising some services which require subscription entitlements. To be able to use these playbooks you will need subscriptions for RHEL (OS, Red Hat Insights,RHEL-system-roles) as well as Ansible Automation Platform. 

See workflow below

![Alt text](images/automation_workflow.png?raw=true "high level process")

My environment looks like below

![Alt text](images/startingpoint.png?raw=true "environment")

First, if you already have an Ansible Automation Controller up and running you can add this repo by using the playbook ansible_controller_create_mssql_project.yml

Do the following steps to setup the central monitoring server with pcp and grafana. 

- If needed deploy a rhel-vm using an existing template in ansible controller or you can use the playbook deploy_rhel_on_vsphere.yml

- Run the playbook called setup_central_monitoringsystem.yml against the new VM.

Commit message:

Added note about this repo being tuned for my env

README.md, after:

# mssql-on-rhel

(Forked from the main repo with tuning spesific for my environment, so prefer to use the main repo instead)

This repo contains playbooks for automating the provisioning of a RHEL virtual machine running Microsoft SQL server in a vSphere cluster.
The process is utilising some services which require subscription entitlements. To be able to use these playbooks you will need subscriptions for RHEL (OS, Red Hat Insights,RHEL-system-roles) as well as Ansible Automation Platform. 

See workflow below

![Alt text](images/automation_workflow.png?raw=true "high level process")

My environment looks like below

![Alt text](images/startingpoint.png?raw=true "environment")

First, if you already have an Ansible Automation Controller up and running you can add this repo by using the playbook ansible_controller_create_mssql_project.yml

Do the following steps to setup the central monitoring server with pcp and grafana. 

- If needed deploy a rhel-vm using an existing template in ansible controller or you can use the playbook deploy_rhel_on_vsphere.yml

- Run the playbook called setup_central_monitoringsystem.yml against the new VM.
